when i started djing i remember when
like five people would be like yeah and
there's like everyone else just doesn't
give a
i'm like those are my five people
i focus on them and after the show i
like hung out with all of them and one
of the guys let us stay in their in
their house because we were sleeping in
our van the whole time we're making 20
to 40 a show and it's like you know you
have to start in that mindset that's the
problem with social media right now is
that you're comparing yourself to people
that have like this large success and
you're like i want to play there
but you first have to go with what you
have in front of you and make that
meaningful and that's why i always say
like when i'm performing i'm trying to
be as present as i can and i don't want
to think about anyone outside these four
walls these people are here for me and
i'm here for them and that's all that
matters
[Music]
hey everyone welcome to impact theory
today's guest is a grammy nominated
producer and internationally famous
performer who routinely tops the list of
the world's highest grossing djs he
holds three guinness world records
including ones for the most traveled
musician in a single year and the
longest crowd cheer he performs hundreds
of shows annually and will often perform
in multiple countries in a single day he
founded his own record label at just 19
years old and despite having a wealthy
father he had to do it all on his own
couchsurfing throwing shows in a tiny
ass apartment and promoting his artist
by any means necessary proving to have
legendary grit and tenacity not only did
he get his record label off the ground
he has since personally worked with some
of the biggest names in the industry
from will i am afro jack and kid cudi to
lincoln park lewis tomlinson of one
direction and the global phenomenon that
is bts he's produced hits with all of
them and in the process turned himself
into a superstar in his own right he has
millions of social followers has graced
the cover of magazines people get his
name and his record label logo tattooed
on them and he's even had a netflix
documentary made about his life aptly
titled i'll sleep when i'm dead he's
also a restaurateur the co-creator of
impact theory's first comic book neon
future and the founder of the aoki
foundation which is committed to funding
advancements in brain science so please
help me in welcoming the author of the
new memoir blue the color of noise the
legendary musician and entrepreneurial
force of nature the one and i assure you
only steve aoki
was the
craziest is always fun to write about
you and the things you've done and now
having gotten to know you and been with
you as you do some of your traveling the
pace at which you work and move is
crazy it's also super infectious
i want to use that interest
again that was
crazy that was really cool dude that's
it your life is literally like this
whirlwind of activity from
the different restaurants and things
you've got going from the projects that
you're working on to the music the
touring and all of that and you you've
talked pretty powerfully about you know
being 40 now and still having the same
level of hunger that you've always had
what what is it that
keeps you going what is it that drives
you forward
i mean there's so many different
ways to answer that question because
like my my life when i really think
about
my main drive it's it's always
music-based it's
and since i live
200 plus days on the road 250 shows like
average
and it's been consistently like that for
the the past you know 12 years
um
i i first go into that place
and that questions answered
very quickly because when i play these
shows
it's
it's like what we talked about before in
our first interview
it's that connection i have with the
fans so
you know if i was to like play the
opposite if i was playing if i was a dj
and i was in the back corner uh you know
of the room and not many people were
like
cared about what i was doing and they
were just like cocktail bar and i'm just
you know playing i probably would quit
and do something else you know there's
no appreciation there but at the end of
the day i'm i make this music so i can
connect with people and then share that
feeling with them and and the deeper the
feeling is the deeper uh it gives me
that value
and it creates that passion drive
and at the end of the day that
connection and that ability to share and
connect with people is really like why i
even got involved in starting a label
being in a band doing neon future with
you and connecting with all these people
in the comic book world
it's like it's all about
creating something that has an impact
you know and and being able to
you know obviously you want to inspire
people but being able to like
participate and see that inspiration
happening
and and seeing how we are
helping other people in some aspect or
you know doing something that has
meaning and purpose
it you know that's what it really boils
down to my my like i've said this many
times but my natural way to to express
myself is through my music so that's
always been my first
my first approach but then as i've you
know my my platform's been higher raised
higher and higher it's allowed me to go
well now i can get to meet some of these
other people that that uh
are foreign to me but i want to learn
about these different worlds and
and
learn about them essentially to share
them share the ideas with other people
because we learn to share
right we don't it's like when you pick
up a book and you read a book it's like
if you want to retain the information to
be able to share it with people right so
um
once again it goes back to the idea of
sharing and that connectivity and um
and it doesn't matter if i'm 19 or from
41 or if i'm 60 if i still have the
ability to to share things that i love
that that make me feel a certain way
that give me a
an emotional high
that that i want to be able to create
more positivity with other people with
then i'm always going to find that drive
that's really an interesting answer to
me that is
super resonant in the book and one thing
that i found that i loved in blue is the
way
one you're really raw you're super open
vulnerable in the book which i loved and
i was going to ask you like why be so
raw and open you certainly um in any
sort of creative endeavor you're opening
yourself up for criticism you're opening
yourself up you're giving to people the
exact way to hurt you by
showing where you're insecure or what
could um strike a chord with you
but the notion of
that being about connection that you get
this emotional high out of that really
makes the book make sense like that
brings it all into perspective as to why
you would do it
there's a real lyrical quality to the
book that i found super beautiful
walk me through
the
desire to connect versus the need to
connect like when i see how hard you
work it's what i refer to in myself as
the sickness right so i've been
tremendously successful in my life i
certainly never need to work again but i
work harder now than i've ever worked in
my life and
to me there is an an and the notion of
being a sickness comes from batman so
like what drives this guy that has
everything you know this this
need to
um solve these problems that he sees
connected with the loss in his own
family so how much of this is a a desire
to connect and how much of this is a
need to connect
well so when you say like that it's like
that i'm definitely thinking i'm talking
to a therapist i have to really think
about this and go back into my past like
is it my dad you know is it me not
fitting in because then you really you
know when you boil it down a lot of it
comes to your your upbringing or like
how
how things have changed or affected you
when you're really young and i mean
there's no doubt especially and i talk
about this a lot in in the book and also
in the documentary
this like
unconscious
feeling that i need to
prove to my dad that i'm gonna make it
because that's like what i grew up with
i grew up with this
like i need to make it because he kind
of he implanted those
subliminal messages towards me you know
like when i was a kid growing up
throughout my life
um so that's definitely one of them
another thing is just
growing up in newport beach um
not being able to fit in and trying to
find a voice so then that way i can
share something that's valuable to
people because i couldn't share
something that was valuable to people by
doing traditional things
so like i couldn't play sports because i
just i'm just like a little kid so i
just like sucked at sports i was scoring
on the wrong basketball hoop i was
kicking the soccer ball in the wrong in
my my own home team like soccer ball net
like i was just the worst i mean i loved
playing sports trust me but like when
growing up i just couldn't contribute
and have any value so
music was my way to be able to be like i
can contribute and people will actually
listen even five people so maybe it's
that you know that has a lot to do with
it and that's
that's something that's unconscious that
i don't think about now you know
um and and that spark to when you when
you are trying to contribute and people
aren't listening in a traditional way
but you try something else and they
listen
that spark when that happens is such a
powerful feeling
and
and coming from
you know when i was a kid
i was very very shy
um
i had like a lot of uh
energy i want to share with world i'm
always combusting with energy but i was
very very
insecure you know i was lost and i
didn't know how to
be able to express myself and i thought
i was going to be like that for the rest
of my life
i thought i literally was just gonna be
you know in the traditional sense of
being japanese just stay in line and be
quiet and like kind of move through life
and not not be counted not not stick
your head up too high
because if you do
if you live in a community of where it's
96 white and you do you're gonna get
you're gonna get smashed and then you
won't have a community that can support
you to make you feel like it's okay to
stick your head up because
culturally my mom is japanese so she's
like don't rock the boat
and whenever like if i did it's like
smash bring you down you know until i
found this other route
where music the subculture community
gave me that
the the tools to be like you could say
something now and you can now talk about
your frustrations your
you know
anger whatever it might be resentment
whatever it is that you're living with
because they're the whole
subculture that's what they were talking
about so i finally found that community
so
digressing here left and right but um
you know when i really think about the
desire i
i like it just
i think it's just now which is part of
who i am because
it's been
integral in every single thing i've done
whether it's a company or
you know whenever i think about business
i don't think about it as like how much
money i'm gonna make i think about it
like you know how we are with neon
future
you know i have the neon future tattoo i
believe in a neon future there's no
doubt about it like i've i'm
signed up to freeze the body as an
insurance policy
cryo you know like deep kelvin degree
temperatures of my stop my body stops
degenerating
uh for the insurance policy that we
don't
you know that i die
just in case you know uh people find a
cure for the disease called aging so do
you see it as a positive force in your
life or a negative force neutral force
like how do you think of that that sort
of overwhelming compulsion to
to connect to be great to you know play
at such a big level
uh yeah that's that's another good
question because i guess like when
you're when you're too into something
it's like you have to ask that question
is it is it like unhealthy or toxic or
those kinds of things does it drive you
too much where it like stops some more
important things in your life
and uh
i i feel like it's good you know what i
mean i feel like
i feel like you know
you know like it's different because you
have to look at it like
if society says it's okay then here it's
okay but that's not necessarily true
like i i do have to
answer these questions as i
go at
150 miles an hour because it feels it
feels right because i have a flow
because like nothing worse than than
being out of that that that flow when
you have things going and you have your
passion there and you have your drive
there
um
because when you get off that flow it's
really hard to get back on you know for
any you ask any creative person about
writer's block it doesn't matter if
you're a writer you're a painter you're
a musician you're
you know whatever you do
so for me i care so deeply about what i
do
and the contribution of
of the whole all the work i've been
doing and all you know
the mo the you know the drive everything
that i've been doing that if i get off
that train
to relax
it's like i could lose that moment
and it's very possible as fast as we
live in this day and age how people's
attention spans are
like i want to push myself
on every level whether it's like
having fun jumping off a cliff into the
water or like
you know
you know like doing this comic with you
and like building this out into this
this incredible world where we can see
it into tv and film those are those are
like incredible goals that i that i want
to attain and they're like
dreams you know but we're getting there
what's crazy though we're actually the
dreams i have as a kid they're actually
happening which is
bizarre and wild
and i think with blue it i really want
to showcase
to all the young people
that
the shy kids that the kids are like yeah
i
i will not be successful like that i
will have to like sit in a cubicle and
do you know the boring stuff which is
actually what my dad told me to do it's
like that's real life
you have
other ways to look at your scenario and
you know it's it's like i'm trying to
speak to to to that
to that demo to those kids to those
people to the young people out there
like that even to the older people
they're like
maybe i need to stop my job and like
pursue something else or maybe i need to
reevaluate
what i'm what i want to do with my life
it's interesting that you say that's not
where i thought you were going to go
with that
so in the book you talk a lot about the
story that we tell ourselves and i think
that as people get older they begin to
tell themselves a narrative that quite
frankly is handed to them a and b is
usually self-defeating it isn't one of
reinvention you talk about that in the
book you talk about people who are able
to stay relevant by successfully
reinventing themselves you talk about
michael jackson you talk about kanye
west like having this ability to morph
and change i've certainly seen that and
you jesus when you look at your own
career starting as you know the straight
edge religious hardcore kid goes into
diy starts getting into promoting and
managing and then like into being a dj
producer and then even just the the way
that you've morphed and changed that
over the years is really pretty
astonishing but when i think about all
right we have these narratives that
we're going to tell ourselves they're
going to have a tremendous impact on the
way that we live our lives and then the
question is going to arise which is
is this insane drive that i have is this
the right answer or the wrong answer and
to me i i don't think there is a real
answer there's no objective answer as to
whether or not the way that you're doing
it is the right way or the wrong way it
simply is the way that you're doing it
and now it becomes a question of what
narrative are you telling yourself about
what you're doing
in the book you i wrote the line down
because i was so hit by it and
experientially it isn't what it's like
to hang out with you and you said
i have these stories you were talking
about the shooting in vegas and you said
somebody woke you up and what they were
saying
cut through everything it even cut
through the story that you tell yourself
to keep the world out i thought that's
interesting the story you tell yourself
to keep the world out what is the
narrative that you're telling yourself
that allows you to find so much joy in
this connection to serve the people that
you serve around the globe to to push
you this hard and to put off a family
what is that narrative narrative of that
you tell yourself about yourself about
why you're doing what you're doing
well i'm gonna
go back to what you're talking about
first is
um
i think the narrative that
this my story
is all about is agility and being able
to be flexible and
i mean i it's like the five-year 10-year
plan that most ceos ask you know
like that's the question most most
people want to know about a ceo or
someone successful or what is your five
year 10-year plan that's when you what
you want to ask a young
startup right
um
to invest into their company or
something my
my plan has always been
kind of unhinged it's just
it's just like i go where my passion
leads me
and
and i feel free
to do that you know
and um how did you create that space
though because in growing up in a
japanese culture that certainly isn't
encouraged and if your own dad who was a
huge risk taker is telling you no no get
get a a real job how did you break out
of that mold yeah it's like that's
that's a really crazy thing because i
looked at my dad
as like this flamboyant you know i mean
he was like
he he once he stepped foot in america he
became an american
you know he like almost
pushed away his japanese values and was
like i need to
show
what i can do i want to show everyone he
was a showman
but then when he was a father he's like
don't be me
don't be a showman like did he say why
because he wanted stability for his kids
he wanted to make sure that we weren't
because if you
the to be this to be the showman is such
a small percentage of success
everyone wants every everyone wants to
be a showman do they i mean that's from
my father's perspective because i had
this well i mean i'm my father's son
so i'm like
yeah i'll be cool to drive really
expensive cars and like do whatever you
know like that's what you see right and
and i'm living in a humble you know
house with my mom
you know that's not that you know so i'm
like
it's aspirational so i think for him i
think as a father he's just like don't
be me you need to figure out your life
in the most reasonable pragmatic way
which is
what everyone has to do you have to go
through these steps and it's boring but
you're just gonna do it like that's why
he didn't support me in like my
endeavors music because he didn't see it
as a financial trajectory for him
i remember when i invested my first
restaurant when i finally made a little
bit of money
he was like why you're gonna lose all
your money and i did on the first first
one you know i did i mean i was only 30
grand it was like my first investment
it's a korean barbecue in l.a great one
that was really good but you know he was
correct have you ever put yourself into
your dad's shoes and and
thought
what would i say like for instance if
you have a kid and they decide they want
to get into music what would your advice
be to them
i think i
i wouldn't go as deep as my dad but i i
really value his tough love
and
i don't think it was disciplined for him
to to not
give me
like financial support i just didn't
want to
it wasn't like like you know like you
when you love someone you want to help
them out like when you see them
struggling you're like
i want to pick you up like you know but
it's better off you just let them figure
out on your own even they're like crying
on their way up
you know that's one thing i learned from
him is that he well he wasn't around
right so he didn't have to see me like
struggling and trying to like
get by i'm not gonna and i wasn't the
kind of kid to like cry to my dad be
like i'm not fitting in like i can't
make friends like i got made fun of for
this or like just the daily toils of
being a
kid and uh
we didn't have that kind of relationship
so
heating it to see that i had to like
talk to my mom about it and she's just
like just
don't make any trouble
you know
and uh and then you know i had to figure
that out on my own in the book one of
the most interesting things that you
talked about was family and asking
yourself aloud in the book if
you know am i
making the right choice pursuing the
career putting off my family i thought i
would have a family by now my dad had
six kids by the time he was my age you
know and and i always thought that i
would have some at least by now and i
haven't and
um
what do you think about that like where
is and this is a question that i have
have thought about just
hundreds of hours spent thinking about
you know what's the right move for me
um
will i regret it is it right now but
maybe wrong later is it wrong now and
wrong later is it right forever you know
what i mean like really processing
through that um
how do you think about it now
if you were the startup what's your five
to ten year family plan
there is no plan
there's no like
it must be like this
but yeah i i i'm definitely gonna be
i'm gonna say differently
i'm pretty sure it's gonna happen next
five years also like i i owe a lot to my
mom too
my mom's like everybody every time she
sees a baby
she's like looking at me like like
i'm not a kid from my wall like
yeah i love my mom so much it's like
i feel like you know and of course you
can't have a kid for your friend you
have to like
you know just like you said you have to
take care of the situation you can't do
it for other people or anything else you
know
no question yeah it's uh yeah man family
the way that people play that part of
their life is
really really telling in terms of what
their priorities are and what matters to
them and what they get the biggest
chemical rush out of and all that stuff
but i think the the most interesting
thing
that you represent is
you've become so extraordinary because
you had these balancing forces of a very
nurturing mother um
and then the father who was a sort of
rock star type
um
aspirational figure to use your words
but not necessarily a day-to-day
dad and then so you had to figure things
out on your own which i find really
really interesting
talking about figuring things out and
reinventing yourself how do you approach
that musically i've watched you go from
genre to genre to genre always just far
enough ahead to really nail
things
what is your process for keeping your
ear to the ground like how do you do
that how do you stay fresh all the time
well that's day to day you know like
that's uh that's ultimately
the same
going back to the past that's the same
drive that i've had like since i was
starting the label so i was being in a
band
i mean it's
it's digging for record as a dj digging
for records for the new
you know back in the day when you
actually would buy physical vinyl and
stuff like that but give me the actual
process are you sitting down in your
studio at home and you go on spotify and
you start listening to
everything are you going to clubs are
you asking around like how do you it's a
it's a it's a bit of everything spotify
is like it's like watching the stock
market when you things go up you're a
bit late already so like you know
hitting up an artist that's already
blown up it's already blown up but
because i have a platform i can
talk to a bigger artist
i like to go as early as i possibly can
if possible just like with any business
you want to
you know like work with the people that
that are
the innovators that are like pushing do
people just send you a ton of music
now is that how you find it no i it's a
lot of it's like friends networks of
like i i trust friends and advice from
friends that's probably been my my go-to
for signing the right artists on denmark
to like working and collabing with
different artists and plus i get to
travel the world that helps me a lot
and i'm also
putting myself out there
so when i go to a country
you know i'm i'm like
putting out the feelers like can you
tell like the the artists in this
country i'm in brazil whatever i am
i want to hear
like who's shaking up the noise and the
thing is is that sometimes the biggest
artist in that country
is like unknown in my country which
happens a lot because they're singing
entirely in
portuguese or italian or whatnot and
that's what i did actually just recently
i was in
um
i was in italy
and uh
my uh day-to-day dougie who's in this
room right now
he he's he's like he's also one of the
guys that's like yo you should check
this out you should check this out so
doug is like hey you know svera basta is
this italian artist should check him out
so i checked him out i was like oh this
is dopey singing entirely and
rapping entirely in italian and uh and i
went to his instagram my way to
communicate with artists instagram and
twitter
and i was gonna dm him he already dm me
he was like oh this is match made in
heaven
so like i accepted because you know it's
in the direct friend request whatever
and i'm like yo i'm gonna be in uh
terrine in like tomorrow he's like i'm
i'm i'll meet you boom we were there we
hit it off and we made a song and um and
then i was like we we have a smash
global record with spanish
italian and english this is going to be
like one of those azukita moments that's
something to do with yankee you know
like i love making global music
that fits you know because essentially
for me i spend
60 of my time outside the country as
well
so i really think about
the entire world as my playground and
that's what i've been doing you know
working with bts working with daddy
yankee working with you know um like
homegrown american acts to you know
i really want to sample and
and like
work with
artists from every single part of the
world you know if like i was going
through my set when i was like playing
my music
and i i started off with
you know an edm record then i go into
record with my mom
speaking in japanese and i go into an
italian ballad from you know 50 years
ago then i go into uh a brazilian sample
then i go into
um you know
bts and monsta x from korea then
then then i go into latin because i have
you know songs with nikki jam and
and and i just made a new one with
voluma and you know and i like i
realized how global my set is
and it makes me really proud
because that is me going around the
world being able to connect
and want to work with everyone like i'm
just
it's it's actually limitless
that's what's so exciting it's limitless
to the point where i'm like what other
things can i jump into and that's why
like neon future was a great on the
musical side not less on the comic book
side but
first of all the musical side it made me
think i can now work with
scientists on songs with ray kurzweil
with jj abrams with aubry de gray with
you know bill nye
like anyone could be on a song you and i
could do a song it doesn't matter if you
have any musical experience because i
just need you in the room and you just
be you and then i'll record
tom bilyeu you know like we can make
something together so
you know it's just like now i'm like
pushing and pushing out to the internet
in the universe that i want to work with
elon musk which
you know
i think he's i think he's already flat
out said no but
sometimes you know sometimes you just
can't give up
so i'm gonna keep asking until he's like
finally like all right fine i'll do it
with this guy but
anything can happen now i really believe
like
there's things
that were complete dream scenarios like
dj in space
i really think that could possibly
happen
like there's situations like that that
you think would never happen and
they possibly can happen you know so i
don't think you should limit yourself in
the end you know like it's not going to
happen right away it might not happen
but you know
that certainly won't happen if you don't
go for it yeah exactly yeah i was
talking to matt your manager about um
[Music]
what makes you great and he told me a
story and i thought god that's so true
and he said that when you did the song
with bts people were going crazy
reaching out to him and saying hey can
you hook us up and he was like i don't
think you guys understand like i didn't
make that happen for steve steve spent
years building bridges with those guys
immersing himself in the culture and the
music and so he actually knew what was
hot and where they were going and before
they popped off he had been there sort
of you know really building a
relationship with them not just trying
to make a quick buck but you know
establishing that and he said he did the
same thing in the latin market and
that's how that all panned out and he
was like his ability to put his ear to
the ground to listen and build
relationships are
how he's able to do what he's able to do
and i find that so interesting and to me
it goes back and tell me if i'm wrong it
goes back to
that same thing that made you pop in the
beginning which was just having a love
for it pursuing the love you talk
really eloquently in the book about if
you're going for the buck people will
smell it but if you chase your
authenticity you've got a shot that
something really beautiful could pop out
of that
how does that notion play itself out in
your life yeah i mean i think that's
like with anything we do you know i mean
it's clear with neon future or comic if
we didn't dive in headfirst
loving our comic loving the comic world
and being part of that
you know anime we our history with anime
and our love for
uh the whole culture
we wouldn't have succeeded
you know we don't we're not doing for
the buck you know we're doing it to like
share this vision this story work with
people that really get us and and so
that we can lay it out for the world and
build a story that's really exciting so
i think it's it's like it goes with
everything you know i mean it's like you
have to
really tell that story and live that
story
and if it doesn't make money it doesn't
make money like you have to accept that
you know luckily
when you have
things that are successful for me now
i'm in a position where i can take those
risks because i because i want to and my
business managers are like
a lot you're like your vision's lopsided
as far as your safety uh on on your
pyramid of how you should invest because
i'm investing things i love that don't
necessarily make money
you know
let me ask you
that's why i'm not like sometimes i'm
not the right businessman sometimes i am
i don't know i was gonna say you're
financially doing phenomenally well and
even sitting here in this conversation
and at this point we spent a lot of time
together but i will say one thing that
that strikes me often and is really
hitting me now
i said in the first interview you're
very excitable which i find super
contagious but maybe more importantly
you're not cynical which how the
are you not cynical like the number of
years that you've put in in this
industry in the music industry i'm sure
the number of times that you know
has happened backstabbing
whatever
do you consciously cultivate the the
sort of
boyish enthusiasm is it
just come naturally okay i think one of
the most important things talking about
that that i've learned in this whole
game
is managing my expectations
because i go into it
thinking i well i go into it knowing
that
70 of the things i want to do aren't
going to happen even at my level
and it's going to continue to be like
that
but i'm going to always aim high
and i'm going to know that like well it
doesn't happen i can keep going
so i have to go into it that approach i
think that's one of the major lessons
i've learned in
in all of this
is to to manage my
you know aim high but manage my
expectations of of success
the people see the 30 percent they don't
see the 70 of not
making it or not getting what you want
do you think that 70 is part of what
keeps you humble
yeah i think uh it's definitely
grounding it's definitely um
keeps my my feet on the ground and it
makes me
first of all grateful of the 30
you know because that's life you know i
think life for most people is like five
percent
you know like you get you get higher i
think your percentage goes higher as as
you build your
track record of respect and and uh
and you know
respecting your community then people
will work with you more you know because
at the end of the day since i was a kid
the respect in your community
is more valuable than how much money you
make
or like you know what how flashy you are
you know because that's why people would
want to work with you is because you're
trustworthy or respectful to work with
that you can build with
you say what you're going to do and do
what you're going to say
so what advice do you give people who
are they're about to embark on their
career they're going to get kicked in
the face a thousand times or maybe even
worse they're already starting to get
jaded because they're at the five
percent they're not making things happen
the way they want to happen they're not
even dreaming big anymore like what do
you say to people like that to break
them out of their rut because they
really could do something but they're
getting in their own way i think you
just have to toughen up
plain and simple i think that's like
you know like you have to
you have to
like first of all you have to tell
yourself it's like it's hard in the
beginning and you have to just fight
through it because what else are you
going to do like
if you keep crying or not i don't want
to say
i don't that sounds like mean but if you
keep yeah if you keep complaining about
things not happening to you then you're
not using that time to actually make the
small things happen because everything
starts off small there's no like a to c
you have to go to b first
everything starts small i mean that's
what i talk about in the book is that
my like my first shows i was playing
from five people like
a quarter of the people in the room
some of them didn't want to be there
honestly
but i was pretending like it was like
like like you know like a big deal you
know i didn't really pretend i was like
this is a big deal you know so it's like
i you have to think about like that when
i started djing i was playing i remember
when like five people would be like yeah
and there's like everyone else just
doesn't give a
i'm like those are my five people
i focus on them and after i talk to them
hang out with them i used to do that at
every show when i was in a band we would
tour across the united states and we
would drive like 10 hours
and we would show up i remember in like
albuquerque or something and there was
12 people that showed up and after the
show i like hung out with all of them
and one of the guys let us stay in their
in their house because we were sleeping
in our van the whole time
you know there's no way we're staying in
a hotel we're making 20 to 40 a show
um we had to put in the gas and
share whatever we could for food but man
i was excited after the whole tour i was
like when are we going to go back again
and it's like
you know you have to start in that
mindset it's like you can't that's the
problem with social media right now is
that you're comparing yourself to people
that have like this large success and
you're like i want to play there
well you first have to go with what you
have in front of you and make that
meaningful and that's why i always say
like when i'm performing i'm trying to
be as present as i can and i don't want
to think about anyone outside these four
walls i really want to think about
everyone here and whether it's like
a smaller show
a bigger show like these people are here
for me and i'm here for them and that's
all that matters and
you do that enough times it's it's like
in the end you it will grow without you
even realizing it and if it doesn't
if if you're just happy with those
people then then it's okay you know like
that's all that's like the purpose like
at the end of the day you know
it's like it's meaningful to you it
doesn't matter how many more people
there
yeah
no i get that for sure as somebody who
self claims to fail you know roughly 70
of the time
how is it that you
think about failure and what when you
say everything's gonna be okay what do
you mean
um
you i mean okay so it's like you have to
be grateful for what
what you can get
plain and simple like be grateful for
what you have because that's
like we're lucky to even be here i think
it's that feeling to be just lucky to be
on the stage playing in front of people
lucky to be sitting with you and talking
about this my book i have a book out
it's crazy like still it's crazy you
know like
i have an official book out with a great
publisher that you know is going out
there i've
you know all these things it's like
being grateful and being present right
so
that's another great book the power of
now that i turn into a song
is is like the the power of of being
present
you know and that that helps you with
this idea of this notion of
you know the the one percent let alone
the 30 the one percent that you can get
is
is the feeling that that that that's
that's the most important feeling
because you're gonna get one percent but
you have to attempt to get that one
percent you have to go for it
you know i mean hopefully you get more
than that but i think if you keep trying
you're going to get something
and
and you want to keep growing that so i
think that's like it's the power of
being present and and
and like really really being beholden to
that the gratitude of what you have
i love that so where can people get the
book uh i have no idea
i'm gonna guess amazon and we're all uh
any good books or something exactly yeah
it's a such a great publisher it's it's
like
you know it's like having a great label
it's like that's their job you get the
book out there
so
well it came together really well man
yeah it is a really great read that
takes uh it fills in the emotional gaps
from the documentary which was already
exceptional
like i said the book has a beautiful
lyrical quality that draws you into your
world and why you create and the sort of
raw
questions that you ask yourself it's
really a cool
exclamation point to the journey of a
man whose desire is to connect and i
think that people will
really see that from start to finish um
tell these guys where they can find you
uh you can find me well it's very
difficult to find me in person
because i move very quickly but uh
actually i post everything online so but
by the time i post i'm gone so um but
you could find me in the inner world
internet uh on steve aoki at stevie okay
pretty much everything
all the different things out there
all right man what is the impact that
you want to have on the world the oh
yeah what's impact theory so i guess we
have a close with that one
uh
that's right sorry because i can't just
like
go in there what is what is the impact
what's your impact
for me it is very simple i want to see
how many people i can pull out of the
matrix by giving them an empowering
mindset i think our mindset and i'll use
your language the stories that we tell
ourselves about ourselves is
everything
and
one of the cool things in
[Music]
in blue is
you talk about the different stories
that you've told yourself at different
times and it was so interesting man that
sense of like the curtain being lifted
and what makes you so interesting to me
and the reason i like hanging out with
you and the reason that i love having
you on the show is
things weren't handed to you you had
every opportunity to whine to complain
to take
um a lesser way out to accept that the
world didn't want you to be you that
they wanted you to conform and that you
didn't fit in but you didn't do that you
could have just said well i'm shy and
that's my nature and and that would have
been that um you could have said my
label is gonna be small forever and that
would have been that you could have been
the guy that you know fell so in love
with playing to five people that he
never played to you know five hundred
000 or you know however big the
tomorrowland crowd is just gigantic so
but you didn't do any of that but yet
you loved it and you gave it meaning and
i loved it when you said that earlier
like you have to you have to be grateful
for it you have to assign gratitude to
that thing it's not like nature just
hands it to you and so when i get around
people like you and i see like oh there
were a thousand exit ramps that would
have been easier that would have taken
you to
the
path more traveled
but there was one sort of terrifyingly
weird windy road that had all kinds of
failures and pain points and all that
and you just kept going partly because
you have a narrative about yourself that
tells you you're resilient that you can
do it that like skateboarding you can
get better like the diy scene it's about
contribution like you learned in the
pickle patch that you could connect and
that connecting is ultimately what
matters but you're actually telling
yourself this stuff and that's why the
you know the acid trip that you go into
in the book and everything it's
hearing you assign meaning to things
that to me is the juice so i've just
become obsessed with this can i help
people assign more useful meaning to
their life because if i can help them
assign new meaning that will take them
on a new path that will lead them to
actually
do different things and that's really my
obsession is the doing but you don't get
to the doing until you tell yourself a
story about what skill sets mean until
you tell yourself a story about
how you're willing to get that skill set
and it goes back and back and back until
you get to
the
framework of their mindset
and so that's the impact i want to have
that's beautiful by the way thank you
man very very beautiful
um
can i just say that i want to do
something
you can yeah i mean
it's clear that we have so many
synergies
which is why we got together to do neon
futures together this is why we always
find our way back together um you know
it's uh
it's always great to talk to you and um
you know when you say that i'm just like
that's me you know because it's you know
essentially
you know we put
stuff out there to
whatever it might be
to have a profound impact on people
um
where
you're giving your your uh yourself to
someone where
they can take that and like
feel good about what they're doing or
find a different way to just like you
said find
that path to to their own greatness to
make them feel something
you know at the end of the day it's like
i guess for me it is to make them feel
something
that's extraordinary that i'm able to
offer
if they choose to
at my show or my experience or you know
do something that i've put out there you
know so um
and that that's why i just don't stop
what i'm doing because i'm obsessed with
that and i'm
always
thinking about new ways to do more of
that so
um
[Music]
yeah
that's pretty i mean you said it better
than me
i know that's pretty good that was
pretty good
all right guys this is
this man is what happens when you take
somebody that has obsession a ridiculous
drive
and all of it around connection and
creating something beautiful in the
world i know you guys all know his music
but do yourself a favor read the book
to memoir blue color of noise is
revelatory in
watching somebody go from a almost
paralytically shy kid who
has to struggle with being different and
not fitting in
becoming one of the biggest musical
sensations on the planet it is a
extraordinary journey of deadly simple
steps and when you see that it's about
the passion the connection the love the
joy wanting to create something wanting
to be good and being willing to face
that you suck and the number of times
that he says that in the book was
awesome like oh i sucked at this
point oh it's probably because i was bad
oh they pointed out that i wasn't good
at this but that he finds his niche and
then really improves upon it and then
obviously his career speaks for itself
read the book if you have any desire to
achieve the extraordinary in your life
you can consider it an instruction
manual
all right guys if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe until next time my
friends be legendary take care steve my
man thank you brother that was amazing
whoever is the most popping wins whoever
has the most likes on instagram wins and
i think we have to change our definition
of success for me success is doing what
you love for a living it doesn't mean
you're rich doesn't mean you're famous
it doesn't mean you'll never struggle
again it just means doing what you love
for a living